Add links to ignore (#3330)
ministryofjustice/cloud-platform: README.md

| Helm Chart Repository | https://github.com/ministryofjustice/cloud-platform-helm-charts | Helm Chart repository to store internal helm charts used by the platform  |
| Kuberos | https://github.com/ministryofjustice/cloud-platform-kuberos | Kuberos fork that Cloud Platform team maintain |

## Link checker

> This repository has a GitHub Action that checks all links `*.md` files and creates an issue if it returns !200. If you have a link that doesn't resolve, please update the `.ignore-links` file containing the full FQDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has a GitHub Action that checks all links in`*.md` files and creates an issue if the link returns 404 or 5xx or similar. If you have a link that doesn't resolve, please update the `.ignore-links` file containing the full FQDN.
```
